In "Mija," director Isabel Castro combined music documentaries with the style of "Euphoria" and "Clueless" to tell a more nuanced immigration story.
One man's claims that he scammed people on the platform caused several popular streamers to consider a Twitch boycott.
Starring Keegan-Michael Key, Judy Greer and Johnny Knoxville, the Hulu show follows the revival of a fictional early 2000s sitcom.
Maury Wills, who helped the Los Angeles Dodgers win three World Series titles with his base-stealing prowess, has died.
For the past 18 months, Hollywood has effectively boycotted the Globes after reports that the HFPA’s 87 members of non-American journalists included no Black members.
President issues vow as tensions with China rise.
An annual celebration took on a different feel as Russia's invasion dragged into Day 206.
Las Vegas never had a professional sports champion — until Sunday.
The "Avatar" director said aspects of his 2009 movie are "still competitive with everything that’s out there these days."
U.S. President Joe Biden, in London for the funeral of Queen Elizabeth II, says his heart went out to the royal family, adding the queen’s death left a “giant hole.”.
On Monday, the world’s first public database of fossil fuel production, reserves and emissions launches.
“In 10 years, people will be referring to the September 2022 storm as a benchmark storm.”
Puerto Rico was under a hurricane watch Saturday as the storm barreled towards the U.S. territory.
Studies have repeatedly shown that ending public administration of water supplies doesn’t work — but that’s now on the table in Mississippi.
The director of the original 1982 film joins a writer of the 2017 sequel for the newest installment in the sci-fi franchise.
Republican outrage over the shoddy U.S. withdrawal from Afghanistan hasn’t spurred support for resettling refugees.
“The Phantom of the Opera” — Broadway’s longest-running show — is scheduled to close in February 2023, a victim of post-pandemic softening in theater attendance in New York.
The former White House chief of staff has turned over records as part of a federal investigation into the Jan. 6, 2021 assault on the Capitol.
The Colombian-American author's new book "Lightlark" was rejected numerous times — until she went directly to her readers for support.
The Oscar winner said she worked out for five hours a day for her role in the new action movie.
The reality star told James Corden she's branching out because "clearly it's not working, whatever I’m doing."
The Las Vegas podcasters are hoping to find out who shot the rap icon 26 years ago.
The Grammy-winning rapper surprised star-struck children at the Alexander Macomb School in Morris Heights to make the announcement.
The television awards ceremony lost roughly 1.5 million viewers compared to its 2021 program.
The state's general treasurer is slated to face former Cranston Mayor Allan Fung (R) in the general election.
A U.S. firm that monitors false online claims reports that searches for information about prominent news topics on TikTok are likely to turn up results riddled with misinformation.
The director was best known for the groundbreaking movie "Breathless."
"Cancer does not discriminate red and blue," the president said Monday. "Beating cancer is something we can do together."
"Who we have on the field is who we’re gonna play,” Scott told "Fox News Sunday."
The race's organizers say nonbinary athletes won't have to register with the men's or women's divisions and provided qualifying times to guide their training.
Varvaro pitched mostly with the Atlanta Braves and started his law enforcement career in 2016.
Democrats in the state’s more moderate House district are deciding who will take on a popular Republican former mayor.
Biden plans to draw attention to a new federally backed study that seeks to validate using blood tests to screen against multiple cancers.
The research-based artist has found dynamic ways to confront conversations about female empowerment, motherhood and labor in her artwork.
It’s not about sensationalizing or even tarnishing the reputation of Sidney Poitier. Rather, the new documentary honors his humanity — every facet of it.
Carlos Alcaraz defeated Casper Ruud in the U.S. Open final to earn his first Grand Slam at age 19 and become the youngest man to move up to No. 1 in the rankings.
President Joe Biden has marked the 21st anniversary of the Sept. 11 attacks, taking part in a somber wreath-laying ceremony held at the Pentagon under a steady rain.
The Justice Department proposed two retired judges for the role. Trump’s team proposed a retired judge and a lawyer.
The director told the audience he was "super excited to be finally finishing up movie two" — as he has three additional installments in the works.
After a 10-day heat wave that nearly overwhelmed the electrical grid, Southern California got cooler weather but also a ferocious tropical storm.
“Please join me in a round of applause for 70 years of service,” the pop star told the crowd after he paused his Madison Square Garden performance.
Derrell McDavid’s testimony could be a major blow to the R&B singer's hope of acquittal.
The 19-year-old singer, dancer and YouTube icon will receive the 2022 Gamechanger Award for her focus on anti-bullying efforts.
Clark County Public Administrator Robert Telles was arrested in the fatal stabbing of Jeff German, who had been investigating his office.
The internet ignited in approval over the former first lady's hairstyle choice for the monumental day.
The actor said he was so badly concussed while shooting the series finale that he feared for his life and was "holding onto the walls" while recovering.
Opponents of the measure claimed typos made the qualifying petitions incomprehensible, but the state's highest court rejected that argument.
The lawsuit says allowing homeless people’s tents to block city sidewalks makes it difficult for people using wheelchairs, walkers or canes to use them.
The MLB Players Association will finally be a member of the AFL-CIO, affiliating with 57 other unions across industries.
In most of the 200 scripted shows that researchers analyzed, Muslim characters were typically violent, dehumanized or disparaged — if they existed at all.
States are cutting back, and Congress is unlikely to step in even after the pandemic exposed the unemployment system's shortcomings.
Such attacks have become a growing threat to U.S. schools, with several high-profile incidents reported since last year.
The Detroit Tigers' rookie utility player got pressed into relief-pitching duty in a 10-0 loss to the Angels.
The "As It Was" singer said he also doesn’t see many parallels between music and acting.
Jocelyn Benson said misinformation "fuels the potential for additional threats, harassment and even violence on Election Day."
Cloudflare CEO Matthew Prince had previously resisted calls to block the site.
When Elsa Avila looks at the scar that runs down her torso, she can't help remember May 24, when a gunman stormed her fourth grade wing at Robb Elementary in Uvalde, Texas, killing 19 children and two teachers and leaving her and others wounded.
Tim Michels calls on supporters to go after media following Milwaukee Journal Sentinel story reporting multimillionaire's donations to anti-abortion groups.
Millennials might remember the family's MTV reality series from the early 2000s. The BBC series will be filmed at the 350-acre Osbourne estate in England.
Part of the space agency's Artemis program, the rocket is the most powerful to date.
Cipollone's former deputy Patrick Philbin is also reportedly scheduled to provide testimony to the grand jury on Friday.
The unprecedented red tide is creating a foul odor that may get worse during the oncoming heat wave.
The ‘Stay (I Missed You)’ artist reflects on pushing against a culture where female singer-songwriters were expected to fit a certain mold to make it big.
The 36-page filing described how Trump and his representatives did not hand over classified materials at the property.
The Soviet Union's last leader reportedly earned nearly $1 million even though he refused to eat the pizza on camera.
The GOP is continuing to contort itself in defense of Donald Trump, despite new information relating to classified documents held at his Florida estate.
"These are the biggest secrets in the world," Steve Doocy said in response to the ex-president keeping top secret documents at his private residence.
It's one thing after another for Donald Trump's problem-plagued Truth Social.
“We’re going to play all nine innings here,” the Artemis mission manager said after the first launch was scrubbed.
Ornato, who at one point served as a White House political adviser, is said to have witnessed Trump lunge at a Secret Service agent during the Capitol attack.
HBO will release a six-part follow up to the series beginning in October about the infamous sex cult led by Keith Raniere.
The TikTok star’s mom Sheri Easterling and the “Betty” rapper made their romance public — but her ex, Monty Lopez, is not happy about it.
House members are only supposed to use proxy voting when they cannot be present due to COVID-19. But that's not stopping representatives from voting remotely on the campaign trail.
“Most Republicans, including me, believe when it comes to Trump, there is no law," Graham said on Fox News. "It's all about getting him."
The “Pirates of the Caribbean” actor appeared virtually as the MTV Video Music Awards' Moon Person on Sunday night.
The actor made his first on-camera appearance since the defamation verdict against ex-wife Amber Heard in June.
The singer channeled her inner Barb, danced along to Lizzo and fangirled over Blackpink.
Celebrities showed up and showed out at the awards Sunday night in New Jersey.
In a message posted on Truth Social, Patel called it a “vicious attack from DOJ/FBI."
The startling case underscores the security challenges of Donald Trump’s resort even as the former president stashed top-secret U.S. government files there.
Butler told Pitchfork he had "consensual relationships" outside his marriage, but he disputed details of the allegations.
"Hang in there, Mr. President," goofs one die-hard fan.
The former president's legal team followed a judge's order to polish a filing about the FBI seizure of government documents from his estate.
Who's nasty??
No one was safe during her "speed roast" targeting politicians.
The heavily redacted document lays out the justification the Department of Justice provided to a judge for permission to search for and seize highly classified documents in an FBI raid of Trump's Florida home.
A major vendor claims it was stiffed by Trump's social media operation, suggesting finances are in "significant disarray," reported Fox Business.
The ban was set to take effect Friday, about two months after the Supreme Court overturned Roe v. Wade.
The judge is presiding over a special grand jury that’s investigating possible illegal attempts to influence the 2020 election in Georgia.
But the congressional race has not been officially called, and rival Yuh-Line Niou declined to concede.
The five-term House member is known as a staunch President Biden critic and loyal Donald Trump supporter.
Crist is making his second run for governor as a Democrat after having served one term in the job as a Republican more than a decade ago.
The Internal Revenue Service says it is conducting a comprehensive review of safety at its facilities.
If Biden's plan survives legal challenges that are almost certain to come, it could offer a windfall to a swath of the nation in the run-up to this fall's midterm elections.
The "Game of Thrones" spinoff pulled in the largest audience for an original series premiere in HBO's history.
The Rock & Roll Hall of Fame member also co-wrote classic songs like “That’ll Be the Day” and “Peggy Sue.”
The actor revealed he abstained from sex for months and starved himself to prepare for a role.
"I haven’t been hanged yet," the Arizona GOP leader told The Guardian in a powerful interview. "But holy moly, this is just crazy. The place has lost its mind.”
The precise details of President Joe Biden’s plan were being kept to an unusually small circle within the Biden administration.
Democrats were on the cusp of transforming paid leave, child care and home care. Now they're figuring out where they came up short — and when they might get the opportunity to try again.
Classes are scheduled to resume in just two days.
Jennifer Granholm said the U.S. will produce a record amount of oil next year.
When Minneapolis teachers settled a 14-day strike earlier this year, they celebrated a groundbreaking provision in their new contract that was meant to shield teachers of color from traditional seniority-based layoffs.
Leon Vitali, the “Barry Lyndon” actor who became one of Stanley Kubrick’s closest associates, has died.
Idris Elba may go head-to-head with a lion in “Beast,” but the action flick was no match for the latest “Dragon Ball” movie.
Voting rights groups are dismayed about a ruling that upholds a ban on giving drinks and snacks to people waiting to vote.
The former vice president made the disclosure after FBI agents seized classified and top secret documents from Donald Trump's Florida home.
The Senate GOP leader cited "candidate quality" as a factor in whether Republicans can win control in the November election.
Bryant's widow testified that she "lives in fear every day" that the photos of her husband's death will pop up on social media.
Young Thug, along with rapper Gunna, are one of dozens of men charged in a Georgia racketeering and gang case.
A group of Belarusian filmmakers, many of whom fled their authoritarian homeland to Ukraine in 2020, have published an open letter condemning the Russian invasion of Ukraine and demanding Russian troops leave the territories of both Ukraine and Belarus. “We are outraged that the Russian aggressor uses our territory for launching deadly missiles to Ukraine,” […]
"We will be using our platform and voice to do what we can to support Ukraine in these incredibly difficult times," BMTH said in a statement The post Iggy Pop and Bring Me The Horizon cancel shows after Russian invasion of Ukraine appeared first on NME.
MOSCOW — The second round of Russia-Ukraine talks is planned for March 2, Russia’s TASS news agency reported on Tuesday, quoting a source on the Russian side. After the first round of negotiations which took place on Monday and produced no tangible results, the sides had said they would meet again in the coming days. […]
Warner Bros. is halting all its theatrical releases in Russia, including "The Batman," amid Putin's ongoing invasion of Ukraine.
Russia escalated shelling overnight of key cities in Ukraine as its troops on the ground move slowly in a large convoy toward the capital, Kyiv
"This market possibly is overreacting to what's going on in Ukraine, but I don't think that's the problem we have," Icahn told Fox Business.
OIL giant Shell will end all joint ventures with Russian gas giant Gazprom, worth around £2.25billion.
U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) April crude futures were up $4.14, or 4.33%, at $99.86 a barrel after hitting its highest level since July 2014 at $101.53.
Heavy fighting continues in major cities, although they all remain under Ukrainian control on day six of the invasion. Follow our live coverage.
ROME — Italy is moving its embassy in Ukraine to the western city of Lviv because of the deteriorating security situation in the capital Kyiv, the Italian foreign ministry said in a statement on Tuesday. (Reporting by Crispian Balmer, editing by Gavin Jones)
Svetlana Koshkareva has burned her Russian passport. "It's the best visual message for everyone who is against the government, but still proud to be a Russian citizen," she said in a telephone interview Monday.
The former "Dancing With the Stars" pro shared video from a Ukrainian station where his train had stopped to change its wheels and give people fresh air.
Farhan Akhtar hoped that more students stranded in Ukraine may reach their homeland as soon as possible
Head of Ukraine’s Accounts Chamber urged international financial organizations to scrap the country’s debts amid alleged destruction Read Full Article at RT.com
VIENNA — A draft resolution being prepared for Wednesday’s emergency meeting of the U.N. nuclear watchdog’s 35-nation Board of Governors strongly criticizes Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and already has majority support, diplomats said on Tuesday. The board of the IAEA “condemns in the strongest terms the Russian Federation’s aggression against Ukraine,” the draft text seen […]
GENEVA — U.N. agencies on Tuesday launched an emergency appeal to respond to the soaring humanitarian needs following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, calling for $1.7 billion to help people who have fled the country and those still inside. “The crisis has turned very ugly very fast,” Martin Griffiths, Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and Emergency Relief […]
Many Kyiv residents have moved underground to escape Russia’s bombardment of their city.Seriously ill youngsters at Okhmatdyt Children’s Hospital are no exception, often down in the building’s basement amid the ongoing assault on Ukraine.The hospital is the largest of its kind in the country and typically handles up to 600 patients, said its chief surgeon Volodymyr Zhovnir on Monday.However, amid Russia’s invasion, the patient count has dropped to around 200, said Zhovnir.“These are patients…
Shaken and anxious, Rahul Gupta recalls his experience over a WhatsApp call from Bucharest
Russian strikes pounded the central square in Ukraine’s second-largest city and other civilian targets, and a 40-mile convoy of tanks and other vehicles threatened the capital.
Ukraine added polkadot to its growing list of accepted cryptocurrencies for donation as the country faces ongoing Russian attacks.
Russia’s invasion of Ukraine is likely to mean that central banks will take longer to tighten the ultra-loose monetary policy they deployed during the coronavirus pandemic, according to the chief executive of Man Group, one of the world’s biggest hedge fund managers. Luke Ellis, whose firm has $148.6bn in assets and reported record client inflows and a 230 per cent rise in profits for last year, said on Tuesday he was “sceptical” of whether markets had really seen the end of “easy money”, despite strong central bank rhetoric in recent months that interest rates would have to rise to combat inflation. “The Ukraine situation pushes that out,” Ellis told the Financial Times. “It’s likely that central banks will be less aggressive than they would have been, even though their problem is worse. “This [war in Ukraine] is clearly inflationary,” he added. Majority His comments come after central banks have targeted tighter monetary policy to try and control a surge in inflation, which hit a higher than forecast rate of 7.5 per cent in the US in January - a 40-year high. A recent poll of 45 economists by the FT and the Initiative on Global Markets at the University of Chicago Booth School of Business found that a majority expected the federal funds rate to increase from its current near-zero level to a minimum of 1.5 per cent by the end of this year. Ellis also said that Man Group’s funds had sold out of virtually all of their positions in Russia and Ukraine before Christmas, on fears that rising tensions would lead to capital controls. He said the firm still had what he described as a “de minimis” position in Russian equities, which it had not managed to sell but which “makes no difference”. Man on Tuesday reported record net inflows during the year of $13.7 billion (€12.2 billion), with $7.2 billion of these coming in the fourth quarter alone. Last year’s flows equal almost the entirety of the $13.9 billion net inflows recorded by the whole of the $3.6tn hedge fund industry for 2021, as measured by data group eVestment. Statutory pre-tax profit jumped from $179mn in 2020 to $590mn last year, helped by a near-quadrupling of performance fee earnings and a rise in management fees. Gains While hedge funds made gains during the pandemic on average, helped by rising markets, it has often been the biggest firms who have prospered most. Man’s rivals Citadel and Millennium, for instance, have posted large gains, helped by their diversification across assets, an ability to raise or cut risk quickly and their ability to hire traders. Man posted strong gains in a number of its funds last year, aided by rising markets and a move by investors into cheaper, so-called value stocks. Its $4.7 billion AHL Evolution fund, which bets on trends in almost 800 niche markets, rose 17 per cent, while its GLG Japan CoreAlpha fund gained 28.2 per cent. Its AHL TargetRisk strategy, which aims to balance risk across equities, government bonds, credit and inflation-linked bonds, gained 14.4 per cent and grew from $11.2 billion to $18.7 billion in assets during the year. Ellis said that after two consecutive quarters of record net inflows at the end of last year, the firm was “back to normal now” but added that clients had not “hit the panic button” in response to a choppy start to 2022 in markets. Man Group’s share price was up 1 per cent to 195.05p at around midday on Tuesday. – Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2022
Benedict Cumberbatch was honoured with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame on Monday and the "Power of the Dog" star paid homage to his sister Tracy Peacock, who died of cancer last year. One of the most prominent actors today, Cumberbatch also voiced support for the people of the war-struck Ukraine on the occasion.
Ireland’s membership of the United Nations Security Council, now in the second year of its two-year tenure, has put the Government’s foreign representatives on an elevated stage at a time when diplomatic efforts are wearing thin as Russia appears poised to invade more of Ukraine’s sovereign territory. As a small nation with temporary membership of the UN’s 15-nation inner sanctum, Ireland has contributed to council debates as the crisis has escalated, supporting Ukraine’s sovereignty and territory integrity and calling Russia’s actions a “flagrant violation of international law”. Ireland’s ambassador to the UN, Geraldine Byrne Nason, spoke at an emergency session on Monday night which was called after Russian leader Vladimir Putin recognised Donetsk and Luhansk in Ukraine as independent entities and ordered Russian troops into the two regions. Ireland’s ambassador to the UN, Geraldine Byrne Nason Even the calling of the meeting at short notice was in line with the Government’s view that the council must remain relevant, engaged and open to meet as crises dictates. The fact that Russia holds the council’s rotating presidency makes statements at these meetings even more important. Russian veto Russia’s veto power as one of the five permanent members of the council - with ally China as another ‘P5’ member - limits resolutions being passed against the Kremlin or any unanimous declaration of condemnation against Putin, but the council is seen as playing an important role in the public-relations war. “The view within the Biden administration is that this is a global crisis and the UN Security Council is an appropriate forum and has an important role to play,” said Tom Wright, senior fellow at the Brookings Institution, the US-based foreign policy think tank. “Even if it is not going to be possible to get action, this is where the case can be made in the court of global public opinion.” The council can be used as a forum to sway countries that might have good relations with Russian or to raise concern about the humanitarian consequences of Russia’s actions. “It is not just about condemnation but trying to mobilise like-minded countries to mitigate some of the worst consequences of the invasion,” said Wright. The powerful speech delivered by Kenya’s ambassador to the UN Martin Kimani at Monday’s emergency session, which generated headlines around the world, shows the capacity of small nations to be the pebble in the shoe of large nations. “This situation echoes our history,” Kimani said. “Kenya and almost every African country was birthed by the end of an empire. Our borders are not of our own drawings. They were drawn in the distant colonial metropoles of London, Paris and Lisbon with no regard for the ancient nations that they cleaved apart.” The Kenyan statement showed how even small countries could use the highest level of a country’s representation globally to put a strong statement on the historical record. Global perspective “It wasn’t just a condemnation but it was setting it in the context of colonialism and giving the global perspective of what this represented,” said Wright. Nason has also evoked Ireland’s own past in voicing support for Ukraine, telling the council last week that its sovereign right to defend itself was “a right that Ireland struggled to obtain”. As one of only two EU states on the council, there will be a lot of pressure on Irish officials to reflect the EU position on Ukraine. “We will stick quite close to France, ” said one diplomat. Another international forum the Government will have an eye on is the Council of Europe, where Ireland takes over as chair in May. Russia is a member of the 47-nation council and Irish diplomats could find themselves in another central role when Russia’s suspension from the council could be considered, should the situation deteriorate further in Ukraine. “If you put yourself forward for positions, you have to be prepared to take on the difficult stuff,” said one Irish official.
UN Security Council role gives Ireland key place in ‘court of global public opinion’
WASHINGTON: President Joe Biden's administration has informed Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy of intelligence assessing that Russia is preparing to conduct a full-scale invasion of the neighbouring country within the next 48 hours, US intelligence officials have revealed to Newsweek."The...
BEIJING: China on Wednesday accused the United States of “raising tensions” and “creating panic” over the Ukraine crisis, shortly after Washington announced sanctions against Moscow and said it would continue to supply weapons to Ukraine against a Russian invasion.Beijing...
Diplomats from dozens of countries took the floor at the UN on Wednesday to deplore Russia's actions toward Ukraine and make eleventh hour pleas for diplomacy as fears of a new war in Europe grew.
There is still no clear indication of whether Russian President Vladimir Putin will launch a massed assault on Ukraine with the tens of thousands of troops he has gathered on its borders
Russia has invaded Ukraine on the ground, but the digital invasion had started many days ago. The conflict has been brewing online for months, with Ukrainian organizations being the target of constant cyberattacks. That is why the European Union has decided to make a emergency deployment of technical specialists to be shipped to Ukraine. The […] The post EU to send cyber operations experts to Ukraine to help fight Russia’s digital invasion appeared first on TheNewsTrace.